My soundscape preview includes over half of the sounds I was hoping to have recorded. 
Each is a created asset; I have not yet added any repurposed assets yet. Listening to this preview will give listeners a sense of order to how the evening plays out. 
As I mentioned, I am missing a few sounds still, however, this is the general idea. The audio begins with sounds of the air purifier being turned on. 
This is part of the COVID precaution measures I take as an instructor. I will also be adding sounds of my commute/entrance to the building before the air purifier. 
Moving forward, I will also need include a few more sounds to give my listeners the idea that I am setting the room up and preparing my materials before class starts and 
my students arrive. Following this, I recorded a few clips of one of my students speaking – after obtaining permission from her mom. I plan to also add in my own voice in 
order to have some of the clips of my student be in response to what I may say or question. An example of this would be my voice saying, “What does the word plie mean?” 
to which my student responds with “Bend!”. Following these clips are a few sounds of my clean-up process (including COVID safety measures), specifically turning on and 
running the steam mop, spraying the disinfectant spray, and turning out the lights before exiting the dance room. Lastly, and at the very end of my entire 
soundscape project will be the recorded permissions I obtained from those whose voices are including in the recording. After listening back to what I have so far, 
there are definitely a few questions that come up in my mind. I am beginning to wonder if I should do a narration on top of the entire project thus far in order to 
help listeners understand what is occurring for some sounds that may not be familiar to listeners. If I choose to narrate, I am wondering if I should direct it as more of 
a conversation I may hold with someone. An example of this could be one of my friends asking me “What exactly do you do during teaching?”, or something of that nature. 
I am looking forward to exploring these options as I continue to move through my soundscape project. 
